1. Why would we want to order them in a table?
	Answer: To easier understand and manages the stored data.ALTER

2. How are the items arranged when we order by a column with text values?
	Answer: Alphbetically, according to their values in that column

3. Which item comes first when ordering by a column with numerical values?
	Answer: The item with the smallest value in that column.

4. How do we order items in descending order?
	Answer: By coding the DESC keyword after the column name

5. Why would we need to filter the table items we select?
	Answer: To get only items that satisfy certain conditions

6. What does the = operator do?
	Answer: It checks if two values are equal.

7. How do we write text values in a query?
	Answer: Between simple quotes ' '

8. How do we write number values in queries?
	Answer: As they are, without any quotes.

9. Do we always need to select all columns when filtering?
	Answer: No, we can also just select a couple

10. Do we need to select the column we're putting a condition on when filtering?
	Answer: No, we don't have to.

11. Which values come first when we order by a text property?
	Answer: The values with letters at the beginning of the alphabet come first.

12. How does this query order the items?

SELECT *
FROM students
ORDER BY score DESC;

	Answer: In descending order

13. What kind of items in this query filtering for? 

SELECT *
FROM books
WHERE title = 'The Prince';

	Answer: Book items with the title property equal to 'The Prince'

14. How many columns will the result table have?

SELECT *
FROM books
WHERE genre = 'fiction';

	Answer: One: title

15. When is the inequality sign useful?
	Answer: When we want to get all items that don't satisfy a criterion.

16. Which operator do we use to check if two values are not equal? 
	Answer: <>

17. What kind of values can we use the inequality operator <> with?
	Answer: Any kind, like text and numbers.

18. What does this query do?

SELECT city
FROM pollutiin
WHERE pollution_index < 80;

	Answer: It selects the city property of all items with a pollution_index less than 80.

19. Which operator do we use when we want to check if a property is less than a certain value?
	Answer: The < operator

20. When do we use the <= operator?
	Answer: When we want to select items with a property less than or equal to a value.

21. Which operator do we use to check if the value on the left is greater than that on the right?
	Answer: > 

22. When should we use the greater than operator?
	Answer: When we want to filter for items with a property over a certain threshold.

 
23. Which query selects items where the destination property isn't 'Rome' ?

SELECT *
FROM flights
WHERE destination = 'Rome';

SELECT *
FROM flights
WHERE destination <> 'Rome';

	Answer: The second one, because it uses the inequality operator <>

24. What's wrong with this query?

SELECT daily
FROM flights
WHERE destination <> 'Paris';

	Answer: There's nothing wrong with the query.



